Fix hash calculation in auto focus v2 (#16269)
demisto/content: Packs/AutoFocus/ReleaseNotes/2_0_5.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2

> - Fixed an issue where ***file*** did not calculate correctly the hash type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***file*** command would not calculate the hash type correctly.
```
